

                   Filenames used by the *.QWK format

        BBSID.QWK is an archive containing the files from the
        message door being sent to the caller.

            MESSAGES.DAT - a file containing the messages themselves
               in 128 byte records.

            CONTROL.DAT - a file with info on the system, caller, and
               conference names and numbers.

            999.NDX - one file for each selected conference that
               contains pointers to the messages in MESSAGES.DAT
               There are usually several *.NDX files in each
               QWK file.  (Right justified, padded with leading
               zeros to make the 3 characters).

            PERSONAL.NDX - an optional file that is in the same
               format as the other *.NDX files except that it
               contains index records for all messages to the caller
               regardless of which conference they were in.

            NEWFILES.DAT - an optional file that contains a list
               of new files from the Bbs.

            BLT-0.99 - optional files containing ascii or ansi
               bulletins.  The 99 extension is replaced by the
               bulletin number (Left justified not padded).

            DOOR.ID - an optional text file that contains info
               on the capabilities of the door that produced the
               QWK packet (so that the reader will only send
               control messages that can be handled).

            SESSION.TXT - an optional ascii/ansi file containing
               info on the activity occuring in the mail door.

            Optionally it may also contain ascii or ansi screens for
            Welcome, News, and Goodbye as named in the CONTROL.DAT
            file.

        BBSID.REP is an archive containing a single file of the
        messages sent from the caller to the Bbs.

            BBSID.MSG - a file containing the messages themselves
               in 128 byte records.  The format is similar to
               MESSAGES.DAT.
