

                        QWK mail format information

                 By Mark May - Mythical Kingdom Software

        While writing a QWK utility, I found that there was no
        one place where all the necessary info on the QWK format
        was available.  Thru messages in several network echo
        conferences (Thanks to Tim Farley, Mark Goodwin, Randy
        Blackmond, Mark Herring, Patrick Lee, Greg Hewgill, and
        others), I gradually collected the information enclosed
        in this archive.

        To save others the time collecting this information, I've
        put together this set of files by editing the information
        from the various sources so that it is conveniently
        available.

        Tim Farley is working on a more rigorous specification and
        I'm sure all of us would appreciate any help you can give
        him in this.   If you find any errors or additional
        information, I'd also appreciate hearing about it so that
        I can further update this set of files.

        I am working on an Object-Oriented set of TurboPascal routines
        that I hope to release to make working with QWK/REP files
        easier.

        Note that this packet of information does not document net-status.
        QWK packets that are marked as having net-status may be imported
        by one of the NET utils (QNet, RNet, MKNet, etc) into a Bbs.
        Because normal users of a QWK door should not be able to hack a
        packet to give it net-status (and import it into their system),
        that info has been left out of this set of documents.  You may
        contact me (or one of the other QWK authors) directly for this
        info.


        You may contact me at:

        Fido - 1:110/290
        RIME - ->MYTHKING
        Normal Bbs 513-237-7737 (at 9600 HST/V32)

        You may also contact me in the P/Net (programmers network)
        Bbs/Utils developers conference.


        Changes:

        v1.2 01/01/92 Added info on Personal.Ndx
                      Cleaned up code appearance on BasicReal conversions
                      Added note about missing net-status info

        v1.1 08/17/91 Added information on Door.Id
                      Added info on conferences above 255
                      Added info on message has tagline field
                      Corrected info on message status values

        v1.0 05/28/91 Initial release
